I believed what we had last forever ~ (I thought we would last forever)
After all the moments we spent together ~ (After all those moments we spent together)
Were they meaningless in the end? ~ (They were meaningless after all?)
If friendship is supposed to be magic ~ (If friendship was supposed to be magical)
Why have we become so tragic ~ (Why ours has become so tragic?)
I'm no longer proud to call you my friend ~ (I'm no longer proud to call you my friend ...)
Feels like after all this time ~ (It feels like this after so long)
You should have known we'd be here tonight ~ (You should know I was going to be here tonight)
Wondering where the past has gone ~ (Wondering where the past went)
All the memories we lost when we moved on ~ (All the memories we lost when we parted)
Honestly ~ (Honestly)
It hurts thinking ~ (It hurts to think)
About the way, We were just you and me ~ (About how, we were just you and me)
This is not what friendship is supposed to be ~ (This is not how friendship is supposed to be)
Giving up, always seemed so easy ~ (Leave it, it seems so easy)
But it's hard when it's you and me ~ (But it's hard when it's you and me)
And I do not want to say goodbye ~ (And I do not want to say goodbye)
We've hurt each other time and time again ~ (We've hurt each other again and again)
I guess all good things come to an end ~ (I guess all good things come to an end ...)
But I do not want to lose you tonight ~ (But I do not want to lose you tonight)
Feels like after all this time ~ (It feels like this after so long)
You should have known we'd be here tonight ~ (You should know I was going to be here tonight)
Wondering where the past has gone ~ (Wondering where the past went)
All the memories we lost when we moved on ~ (All the memories we lost when we parted)
Honestly ~ (Honestly)
It hurts thinking ~ (It hurts to think)
About the way, We were, just you and me ~ (About how, we were just you and me)
This is not what friendship is supposed to be ~ (This is not how friendship is supposed to be)
Do not say goodbye ~ (Do not say goodbye)
I promise everything will be alright ~ (I promise everything will be fine)
Do not leave me ~ (Do not leave me)
I'm sorry ~ (Sorry)
I'll fix this if it costs me my life ~ (I'll fix this even if it costs me my life)
I'm going to make this right ~ (I'm going to do this bieeeeen)
Feels like after all this time ~ (It feels like this after so long)
You should have known we'd be here tonight ~ (You should know I was going to be here tonight)
Wondering where the past has gone ~ (Wondering where the past went)
All the memories we lost when we moved on ~ (All the memories we lost when we parted)
Honestly ~ (Honestly)
It hurts thinking ~ (It hurts to think)
About the way, We were, just you and me ~ (About how, we were just you and me)
This is not what friendship is supposed to be ~ (This is not how friendship is supposed to be)